speaking of rumors that i've gotten
started there's now the new one is that
you you are unhealthy that you uh you
had a concussion
right rudy giuliani was on fox news
yesterday and today
and he's saying you look you seem to be
sick you look tired
etc etc are you in good health
well this has become one of their themes
here you take my take my pulse while i'm
talking to you okay
so uh make sure i'm alive oh my god
there's nothing there's nothing there
back in october the national enquirer
said i would be dead in six months
oh wow oh so with every breath i take i
feel like
it's a you have a new lease on life yeah
a new lease on life
i don't know why they are saying this i
think on the one hand
it's part of the wacky strategy uh just
say all these crazy things and maybe you
can get some people to believe you
um on the other hand it just absolutely
makes no sense
and i don't go around questioning donald
trump's health
i mean as far as i can tell he's as
healthy as a horse
well his doctor said he had the best
health benefit examination he's ever
seen in a human being
yeah yeah i saw that can you open this
jar of pickles this has not been
tampered with
this is
oh
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our youtube channel for all
the latest videos
and if you didn't subscribe anyway it's
free who cares